hey guys so another um recipe it's me so
if you're vegetarian this is not going
to be the meal for you and what I have
in here is gizzards I love love love
gizzards it's an organ meat and organs
are good for you
so I have gizzard in here cooking and
the gizzard I got it from Safeway no I
got it from ya Safeway grocery store and
it came in a pan like this and basically
all that I did was just rinse it out
real good and then put it in the pot
added some water and seasoning it up
real good and this is it and it is
almost done so you just kind of watch it
so right now and also you want to taste
your food as you go it kind of gives you
an idea I'm going to taste this one
right now yeah so tasting your food
gives you an idea of what else you need
to add to your food to make it taste
good because if it doesn't taste good
you're not going to want to eat it but
if it does taste good it's going to go
down your throat and down your stomach
so right now it feels like I taste it in
and it feels like it's still little bit
hard and it needs to keep cooking a
little bit more so right now it looks
like our own gizzards are all done as
you can see and how you know that it's
all done is you like I said you have to
taste your food and I taste it in and
it's easy to chew so that's how you know
it's done I can't really give you a time
frame like oh you have to cook it for 30
minutes 20 minutes depending on the kind
of stove you have or you know things
like that all come into place so just
taste your food and when you feel like
it's soft enough for your case then that
means it's done and then the next thing
we're going to do is I'm going to put on
my gloves here as you can see Melvin
gloves and I'm going to take this
chicken and put it in my strainer
because I want to drain out the why
that's it the gizzards are here and they
are drained there you go
so you have the chicken that's fully
drained in the strainer and then the
next thing I'm going to do is I'm going
to jump it in a oven dish to oven right
there and then they're in the dish right
now right there and then um I already
have my I already have my oven set to
350 degrees as you can see 350 right
there and all you have to do is so you
put the chicken in the oven and we are
going to dry them up because I don't
want to fry them so it's just easy for
me to put them in the oven so after
about five minutes from the Elven the
gizzards are all done and they're ready
to be put in the in the sauce that I'm
going to make all right